fix: css for basic html tags (#877)
plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa: docs/changelog/changelog_en.md

### 🩹 Fixed

> - Added no-preflight class to provide needed css for custom html fetched from backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added no-preflight class to prevent tailwind preflight for content coming from backend editor.
```
